patchRcPath hooks: init and apply to package `root` (#195359)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/hooks/patch-rc-path-hooks.section.md

# `patchRcPath` hooks {#sec-patchRcPathHooks}

These hooks provide shell-specific utilities (with the same name as the hook) to patch shell scripts meant to be sourced by software users.

> The typical usage is to patch init / [rc](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/3467/what-does-rc-in-bashrc-stand-for) files inside `$out/bin` or `$out/etc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The typical usage is to patch initialisation or [rc](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/3467/what-does-rc-in-bashrc-stand-for) scripts inside `$out/bin` or `$out/etc`.
```

> Such scripts, when being sourced, would insert the binary locations of certain commands into `PATH` , modify other environment variables or run a series of start-up commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such scripts, when being sourced, would insert the binary locations of certain commands into `PATH`, modify other environment variables or run a series of start-up commands.
```
